Andrew Tasks
1. Setup Alternate domain on godaddy
2. Setup Google Workspaces for each domain with 2 email users tied to specific names
a. Versions of your own Name
3. Setup Sendgrid pro account link DNS to new domain(alex will help on call)
a. Make sure you have opt in and unsubscribe pages
4. Setup apollo account(pro level)
5. Setup integration between apollo and send grid(alex will help on call)
a. Make sure apollo username and login email matches the sender authenticated in
sendgrid needs to be the same
6. Add to problems each prospect has and info they would be interested in
Alex Betit’s Tasks
1. Build out customer persona/value props
2. Write email cadencing
3. Support tool setup
Sales Tools Needed
Apollo.io (get pro level comes with 2 users)- https://www.apollo.io/pricing/
API Key:
Send Grid (get pro level if you do not have already)- https://sendgrid.com/pricing/ This mainly
works in the background
Username:
PSE:
CRM- I would recommend free Hubspot it has a native integration with Apollo so once
someone replies positive to an email we can push them to hubspot to track them at each stage
until they become a client.
Hubspot:

-- 1 of 6 --

Domains-
Email Address
Using Gmass email warmer to warm up the email domain:
https://www.gmass.co/warmup/start
Email warming started: ______________________
Email health Checker: https://www.mail-tester.com/
- Checked: https://www.mail-tester.com/test-0flq7ztio
Who is our Ideal Client:
Industry:
Locations: US
Company Size: 1,000+
Job title: Procurement Director, Procurement Manager
Problems:
● Organization overspending on consulting service
● Consulting pricing is complex and inconsistent
● It’s hard to know what a market-competitive price looks like
● It’s hard to negotiate good deals without representative consulting price
benchmarking
● It’s hard to get a good price on consulting services when you are
uninformed
Who our clients work with:
● Consulting providers/consulting service providers
What they buy:
● Consulting services

-- 2 of 6 --

Our product benefits, it helps them:
● Become an informed buyer - they’ll get the market intelligence needed to guide pricing
discussions
● Reduce pricing complexity - they’ll know what good rates are before receiving quotes
from Consulting companies
● Guarantee a market-competitive price - they’ll never wonder again if they overpaid; they
can compare and contrast bids against the benchmarking rates
● Negotiate with authority - they can leverage rates that are representative of the industry
Our product features:
● Rates across 10 consulting roles from associate analyst to Partner / Managing Director
● 15 different service categories / service areas including Strategy, Finance, HR, SI, Cloud
Services, IT Support, etc.
● Rates representative of pricing for the largest consulting service providers (Accenture,
Capgemini, McKinsey, Bain, BCG, Deloitte, etc) as well as mid-market firms
● Information that’s easy to use
○ Easily filter by a specific role
○ 4,620 data points are grouped across 15 categories
○ Easily view only the categories relevant to you
○ Filter & group what's relevant in just a couple clicks
● Representative rates for each role in each service category / area
○ (That means it’s not specific rates from specific companies; it’s representative of
rates within a service category and for any given set of service providers [MBB
Big 3, Big 4, Midmarket consulting firms, etc])
Problems it solves:
● Organization overspending on consulting service
● Consulting pricing is complex and inconsistent
● It’s hard to know what a market-competitive price looks like
● It’s hard to negotiate good deals without representative consulting price benchmarking
● It’s hard to get a good price on consulting services when you are uninformed
How they use our product:
● As procurement leadership / a procurement professional, they use it to understand what
market-competitive consulting rates look like for the consulting services they help their
organization buy from consulting firms / consulting service providers.
● They use it as a reference that they can leverage to negotiate better deals with
consulting service providers
● They use it to become an informed buyer and understand what a market-competitive
price looks like for the consulting service category / area they’re looking to purchase
consulting services within, and before they ever get to negotiations or hear pricing from
the consulting service providers

-- 3 of 6 --

https://ratecardinsights.com/demo/
Email Sequence #1
To be sent out in 3 consecutive days. After email 1 wait 1 day after email 2 wait 1 day
after email 3 wait 1 day and then the sequence ends. Wait 2-3 weeks then put all contacts
who received first sequence and did not respond into sequence #2.
Subject: Negotiate Better Consulting Deals
Hi First Name:
Are you looking for ways to reduce how much (company name) spends on consulting services?
Rate Card Insights allows you to compare rates across 10 consulting roles from Associate
Analyst to Partner / Managing Directors in over 15 different service categories. We provide
4,620 data points that can easily be filtered by a specific role or view only the categories
relevant to (company name) in just a couple clicks.
With this information you will become an informed buyer and ensure a market-competitive price
by leveraging our Consulting Rates Benchmarking Catalog in your negotiations.
Does next Tuesday at 10am or Wednesday at 230pm work for a demo?
Thanks,
Subject: Consulting Rates Benchmarking
Hi First Name:
Is it hard for you to know what a market-competitive price for consulting services looks like?
Rate Card Insights allows you to compare rates across 10 consulting roles from Associate
Analyst to Partner / Managing Directors in over 15 different service categories. Our platform has
over 4,620 data points for you to reference and leverage to negotiate better deals with your
consulting service providers. Rate Card Insights ensures you'll never wonder if you overpaid by
allowing you to compare and contrast bids against representative benchmarked rates
When are you available next week for a quick demo?
Thanks,

-- 4 of 6 --

Subject: Control Your Consultant Spend with Rate Card Insights
Hi First Name:
Please excuse my professional persistence. Do you have any interest in learning more about
how Rate Card Insights allows you to compare consulting rates across 10 roles from Associate
Analyst to Partner / Managing Directors in over 15 different service categories with over 4,620
data points you can easily filter to find the rates most relevant to you?. If the timing is bad or you
are not the right person please let me know so I can make a note of it.
Best,
Subject: Consultant Pay Benchmarks
Hi First Name:
When was the last time you analyzed your consultant spend across each department?
As a procurement professional, you know how challenging it can be to control and manage
consultant spend. With Rate Card Insights, you can easily access data and anayze on
consultant rates to make informed decisions on the rates you pay consultants for your projects.
Are you interested in seeing a report I have put together for (company name)?
Thanks,
Hi First Name:
Sorry to be a pest. Is reducing how much you spend on consulting services and having more
data to make informed decisions an initiative for (company name)? I’m excited to connect when
the timing is right.
Thanks,
Hi First Name:
I am following up on my previous emails about how Rate Card Insights helps procurement
leadership better control and be confident about how much they spend on consulting services. I

-- 5 of 6 --

have included a quick overview video for you below.
See how you can stop overspending on consulting services.
Are you interested in seeing some specific insights I have pulled together for (company name)
next week?
Best,

-- 6 of 6 --

